bulbasaur 7 69 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/1.png
ivysaur 10 130 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/2.png
venusaur 20 1000 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/3.png
charmander 6 85 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/4.png
charmeleon 11 190 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/5.png
charizard 17 905 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/6.png
squirtle 5 90 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/7.png
wartortle 10 225 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/8.png
blastoise 16 855 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/9.png
caterpie 3 29 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/10.png
metapod 7 99 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/11.png
butterfree 11 320 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/12.png
weedle 3 32 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/13.png
kakuna 6 100 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/14.png
beedrill 10 295 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/15.png
pidgey 3 18 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/16.png
pidgeotto 11 300 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/17.png
pidgeot 15 395 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/18.png
rattata 3 35 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/19.png
raticate 7 185 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/20.png
spearow 3 20 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/21.png
fearow 12 380 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/22.png
ekans 20 69 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/23.png
arbok 35 650 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/24.png
pikachu 4 60 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/25.png
raichu 8 300 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/26.png
sandshrew 6 120 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/27.png
sandslash 10 295 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/28.png
nidoran-f 4 70 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/29.png
nidorina 8 200 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/30.png
nidoqueen 13 600 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/31.png
nidoran-m 5 90 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/32.png
nidorino 9 195 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/33.png
nidoking 14 620 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/34.png
clefairy 6 75 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/35.png
clefable 13 400 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/36.png
vulpix 6 99 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/37.png
ninetales 11 199 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/38.png
jigglypuff 5 55 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/39.png
wigglytuff 10 120 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/40.png
zubat 8 75 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/41.png
golbat 16 550 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/42.png
oddish 5 54 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/43.png
gloom 8 86 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/44.png
vileplume 12 186 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/45.png
paras 3 54 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/46.png
parasect 10 295 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/47.png
venonat 10 300 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/48.png
venomoth 15 125 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/49.png
diglett 2 8 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/50.png
dugtrio 7 333 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/51.png
meowth 4 42 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/52.png
persian 10 320 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/53.png
psyduck 8 196 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/54.png
golduck 17 766 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/55.png
mankey 5 280 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/56.png
primeape 10 320 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/57.png
growlithe 7 190 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/58.png
arcanine 19 1550 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/59.png
poliwag 6 124 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/60.png
poliwhirl 10 200 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/61.png
poliwrath 13 540 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/62.png
abra 9 195 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/63.png
kadabra 13 565 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/64.png
alakazam 15 480 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/65.png
machop 8 195 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/66.png
machoke 15 705 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/67.png
machamp 16 1300 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/68.png
bellsprout 7 40 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/69.png
weepinbell 10 64 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/70.png
victreebel 17 155 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/71.png
tentacool 9 455 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/72.png
tentacruel 16 550 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/73.png
geodude 4 200 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/74.png
graveler 10 1050 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/75.png
golem 14 3000 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/76.png
ponyta 10 300 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/77.png
rapidash 17 950 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/78.png
slowpoke 12 360 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/79.png
slowbro 16 785 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/80.png
magnemite 3 60 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/81.png
magneton 10 600 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/82.png
farfetchd 8 150 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/83.png
doduo 14 392 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/84.png
dodrio 18 852 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/85.png
seel 11 900 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/86.png
dewgong 17 1200 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/87.png
grimer 9 300 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/88.png
muk 12 300 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/89.png
shellder 3 40 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/90.png
cloyster 15 1325 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/91.png
gastly 13 1 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/92.png
haunter 16 1 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/93.png
gengar 15 405 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/94.png
onix 88 2100 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/95.png
drowzee 10 324 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/96.png
hypno 16 756 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/97.png
krabby 4 65 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/98.png
kingler 13 600 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/99.png
voltorb 5 104 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/100.png
electrode 12 666 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/101.png
exeggcute 4 25 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/102.png
exeggutor 20 1200 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/103.png
cubone 4 65 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/104.png
marowak 10 450 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/105.png
hitmonlee 15 498 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/106.png
hitmonchan 14 502 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/107.png
lickitung 12 655 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/108.png
koffing 6 10 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/109.png
weezing 12 95 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/110.png
rhyhorn 10 1150 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/111.png
rhydon 19 1200 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/112.png
chansey 11 346 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/113.png
tangela 10 350 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/114.png
kangaskhan 22 800 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/115.png
horsea 4 80 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/116.png
seadra 12 250 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/117.png
goldeen 6 150 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/118.png
seaking 13 390 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/119.png
staryu 8 345 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/120.png
starmie 11 800 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/121.png
mr-mime 13 545 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/122.png
scyther 15 560 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/123.png
jynx 14 406 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/124.png
electabuzz 11 300 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/125.png
magmar 13 445 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/126.png
pinsir 15 550 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/127.png
tauros 14 884 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/128.png
magikarp 9 100 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/129.png
gyarados 65 2350 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/130.png
lapras 25 2200 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/131.png
ditto 3 40 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/132.png
eevee 3 65 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/133.png
vaporeon 10 290 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/134.png
jolteon 8 245 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/135.png
flareon 9 250 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/136.png
porygon 8 365 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/137.png
omanyte 4 75 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/138.png
omastar 10 350 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/139.png
kabuto 5 115 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/140.png
kabutops 13 405 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/141.png
aerodactyl 18 590 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/142.png
snorlax 21 4600 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/143.png
articuno 17 554 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/144.png
zapdos 16 526 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/145.png
moltres 20 600 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/146.png
dratini 18 33 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/147.png
dragonair 40 165 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/148.png
dragonite 22 2100 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/149.png
mewtwo 20 1220 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/150.png
mew 4 40 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/151.png
chikorita 9 64 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/152.png
bayleef 12 158 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/153.png
meganium 18 1005 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/154.png
cyndaquil 5 79 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/155.png
quilava 9 190 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/156.png
typhlosion 17 795 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/157.png
totodile 6 95 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/158.png
croconaw 11 250 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/159.png
feraligatr 23 888 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/160.png
sentret 8 60 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/161.png
furret 18 325 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/162.png
hoothoot 7 212 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/163.png
noctowl 16 408 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/164.png
ledyba 10 108 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/165.png
ledian 14 356 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/166.png
spinarak 5 85 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/167.png
ariados 11 335 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/168.png
crobat 18 750 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/169.png
chinchou 5 120 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/170.png
lanturn 12 225 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/171.png
pichu 3 20 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/172.png
cleffa 3 30 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/173.png
igglybuff 3 10 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/174.png
togepi 3 15 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/175.png
togetic 6 32 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/176.png
natu 2 20 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/177.png
xatu 15 150 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/178.png
mareep 6 78 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/179.png
flaaffy 8 133 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/180.png
ampharos 14 615 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/181.png
bellossom 4 58 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/182.png
marill 4 85 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/183.png
azumarill 8 285 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/184.png
sudowoodo 12 380 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/185.png
politoed 11 339 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/186.png
hoppip 4 5 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/187.png
skiploom 6 10 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/188.png
jumpluff 8 30 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/189.png
aipom 8 115 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/190.png
sunkern 3 18 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/191.png
sunflora 8 85 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/192.png
yanma 12 380 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/193.png
wooper 4 85 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/194.png
quagsire 14 750 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/195.png
espeon 9 265 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/196.png
umbreon 10 270 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/197.png
murkrow 5 21 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/198.png
slowking 20 795 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/199.png
misdreavus 7 10 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/200.png
unown 5 50 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/201.png
wobbuffet 13 285 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/202.png
girafarig 15 415 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/203.png
pineco 6 72 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/204.png
forretress 12 1258 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/205.png
dunsparce 15 140 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/206.png
gligar 11 648 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/207.png
steelix 92 4000 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/208.png
snubbull 6 78 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/209.png
granbull 14 487 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/210.png
qwilfish 5 39 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/211.png
scizor 18 1180 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/212.png
shuckle 6 205 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/213.png
heracross 15 540 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/214.png
sneasel 9 280 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/215.png
teddiursa 6 88 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/216.png
ursaring 18 1258 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/217.png
slugma 7 350 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/218.png
magcargo 8 550 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/219.png
swinub 4 65 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/220.png
piloswine 11 558 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/221.png
corsola 6 50 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/222.png
remoraid 6 120 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/223.png
octillery 9 285 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/224.png
delibird 9 160 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/225.png
mantine 21 2200 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/226.png
skarmory 17 505 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/227.png
houndour 6 108 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/228.png
houndoom 14 350 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/229.png
kingdra 18 1520 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/230.png
phanpy 5 335 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/231.png
donphan 11 1200 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/232.png
porygon2 6 325 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/233.png
stantler 14 712 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/234.png
smeargle 12 580 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/235.png
tyrogue 7 210 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/236.png
hitmontop 14 480 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/237.png
smoochum 4 60 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/238.png
elekid 6 235 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/239.png
magby 7 214 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/240.png
miltank 12 755 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/241.png
blissey 15 468 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/242.png
raikou 19 1780 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/243.png
entei 21 1980 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/244.png
suicune 20 1870 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/245.png
larvitar 6 720 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/246.png
pupitar 12 1520 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/247.png
tyranitar 20 2020 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/248.png
lugia 52 2160 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/249.png
ho-oh 38 1990 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/250.png
celebi 6 50 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/251.png
treecko 5 50 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/252.png
grovyle 9 216 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/253.png
sceptile 17 522 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/254.png
torchic 4 25 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/255.png
combusken 9 195 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/256.png
blaziken 19 520 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/257.png
mudkip 4 76 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/258.png
marshtomp 7 280 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/259.png
swampert 15 819 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/260.png
poochyena 5 136 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/261.png
mightyena 10 370 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/262.png
zigzagoon 4 175 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/263.png
linoone 5 325 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/264.png
wurmple 3 36 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/265.png
silcoon 6 100 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/266.png
beautifly 10 284 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/267.png
cascoon 7 115 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/268.png
dustox 12 316 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/269.png
lotad 5 26 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/270.png
lombre 12 325 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/271.png
ludicolo 15 550 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/272.png
seedot 5 40 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/273.png
nuzleaf 10 280 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/274.png
shiftry 13 596 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/275.png
taillow 3 23 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/276.png
swellow 7 198 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/277.png
wingull 6 95 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/278.png
pelipper 12 280 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/279.png
ralts 4 66 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/280.png
kirlia 8 202 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/281.png
gardevoir 16 484 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/282.png
surskit 5 17 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/283.png
masquerain 8 36 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/284.png
shroomish 4 45 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/285.png
breloom 12 392 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/286.png
slakoth 8 240 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/287.png
vigoroth 14 465 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/288.png
slaking 20 1305 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/289.png
nincada 5 55 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/290.png
ninjask 8 120 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/291.png
shedinja 8 12 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/292.png
whismur 6 163 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/293.png
loudred 10 405 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/294.png
exploud 15 840 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/295.png
makuhita 10 864 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/296.png
hariyama 23 2538 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/297.png
azurill 2 20 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/298.png
nosepass 10 970 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/299.png
skitty 6 110 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/300.png
delcatty 11 326 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/301.png
sableye 5 110 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/302.png
mawile 6 115 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/303.png
aron 4 600 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/304.png
lairon 9 1200 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/305.png
aggron 21 3600 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/306.png
meditite 6 112 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/307.png
medicham 13 315 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/308.png
electrike 6 152 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/309.png
manectric 15 402 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/310.png
plusle 4 42 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/311.png
minun 4 42 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/312.png
volbeat 7 177 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/313.png
illumise 6 177 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/314.png
roselia 3 20 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/315.png
gulpin 4 103 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/316.png
swalot 17 800 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/317.png
carvanha 8 208 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/318.png
sharpedo 18 888 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/319.png
wailmer 20 1300 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/320.png
wailord 145 3980 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/321.png
numel 7 240 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/322.png
camerupt 19 2200 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/323.png
torkoal 5 804 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/324.png
spoink 7 306 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/325.png
grumpig 9 715 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/326.png
spinda 11 50 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/327.png
trapinch 7 150 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/328.png
vibrava 11 153 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/329.png
flygon 20 820 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/330.png
cacnea 4 513 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/331.png
cacturne 13 774 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/332.png
swablu 4 12 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/333.png
altaria 11 206 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/334.png
zangoose 13 403 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/335.png
seviper 27 525 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/336.png
lunatone 10 1680 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/337.png
solrock 12 1540 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/338.png
barboach 4 19 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/339.png
whiscash 9 236 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/340.png
corphish 6 115 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/341.png
crawdaunt 11 328 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/342.png
baltoy 5 215 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/343.png
claydol 15 1080 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/344.png
lileep 10 238 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/345.png
cradily 15 604 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/346.png
anorith 7 125 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/347.png
armaldo 15 682 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/348.png
feebas 6 74 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/349.png
milotic 62 1620 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/350.png
castform 3 8 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/351.png
kecleon 10 220 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/352.png
shuppet 6 23 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/353.png
banette 11 125 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/354.png
duskull 8 150 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/355.png
dusclops 16 306 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/356.png
tropius 20 1000 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/357.png
chimecho 6 10 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/358.png
absol 12 470 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/359.png
wynaut 6 140 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/360.png
snorunt 7 168 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/361.png
glalie 15 2565 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/362.png
spheal 8 395 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/363.png
sealeo 11 876 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/364.png
walrein 14 1506 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/365.png
clamperl 4 525 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/366.png
huntail 17 270 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/367.png
gorebyss 18 226 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/368.png
relicanth 10 234 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/369.png
luvdisc 6 87 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/370.png
bagon 6 421 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/371.png
shelgon 11 1105 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/372.png
salamence 15 1026 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/373.png
beldum 6 952 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/374.png
metang 12 2025 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/375.png
metagross 16 5500 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/376.png
regirock 17 2300 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/377.png
regice 18 1750 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/378.png
registeel 19 2050 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/379.png
latias 14 400 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/380.png
latios 20 600 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/381.png
kyogre 45 3520 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/382.png
groudon 35 9500 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/383.png
rayquaza 70 2065 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/384.png
jirachi 3 11 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/385.png
deoxys-normal 17 608 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/386.png
turtwig 4 102 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/387.png
grotle 11 970 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/388.png
torterra 22 3100 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/389.png
chimchar 5 62 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/390.png
monferno 9 220 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/391.png
infernape 12 550 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/392.png
piplup 4 52 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/393.png
prinplup 8 230 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/394.png
empoleon 17 845 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/395.png
starly 3 20 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/396.png
staravia 6 155 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/397.png
staraptor 12 249 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/398.png
bidoof 5 200 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/399.png
bibarel 10 315 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/400.png
kricketot 3 22 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/401.png
kricketune 10 255 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/402.png
shinx 5 95 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/403.png
luxio 9 305 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/404.png
luxray 14 420 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/405.png
budew 2 12 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/406.png
roserade 9 145 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/407.png
cranidos 9 315 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/408.png
rampardos 16 1025 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/409.png
shieldon 5 570 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/410.png
bastiodon 13 1495 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/411.png
burmy 2 34 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/412.png
wormadam-plant 5 65 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/413.png
mothim 9 233 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/414.png
combee 3 55 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/415.png
vespiquen 12 385 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/416.png
pachirisu 4 39 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/417.png
buizel 7 295 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/418.png
floatzel 11 335 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/419.png
cherubi 4 33 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/420.png
cherrim 5 93 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/421.png
shellos 3 63 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/422.png
gastrodon 9 299 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/423.png
ambipom 12 203 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/424.png
drifloon 4 12 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/425.png
drifblim 12 150 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/426.png
buneary 4 55 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/427.png
lopunny 12 333 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/428.png
mismagius 9 44 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/429.png
honchkrow 9 273 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/430.png
glameow 5 39 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/431.png
purugly 10 438 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/432.png
chingling 2 6 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/433.png
stunky 4 192 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/434.png
skuntank 10 380 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/435.png
bronzor 5 605 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/436.png
bronzong 13 1870 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/437.png
bonsly 5 150 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/438.png
mime-jr 6 130 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/439.png
happiny 6 244 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/440.png
chatot 5 19 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/441.png
spiritomb 10 1080 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/442.png
gible 7 205 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/443.png
gabite 14 560 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/444.png
garchomp 19 950 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/445.png
munchlax 6 1050 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/446.png
riolu 7 202 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/447.png
lucario 12 540 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/448.png
hippopotas 8 495 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/449.png
hippowdon 20 3000 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/450.png
skorupi 8 120 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/451.png
drapion 13 615 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/452.png
croagunk 7 230 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/453.png
toxicroak 13 444 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/454.png
carnivine 14 270 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/455.png
finneon 4 70 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/456.png
lumineon 12 240 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/457.png
mantyke 10 650 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/458.png
snover 10 505 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/459.png
abomasnow 22 1355 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/460.png
weavile 11 340 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/461.png
magnezone 12 1800 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/462.png
lickilicky 17 1400 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/463.png
rhyperior 24 2828 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/464.png
tangrowth 20 1286 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/465.png
electivire 18 1386 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/466.png
magmortar 16 680 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/467.png
togekiss 15 380 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/468.png
yanmega 19 515 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/469.png
leafeon 10 255 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/470.png
glaceon 8 259 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/471.png
gliscor 20 425 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/472.png
mamoswine 25 2910 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/473.png
porygon-z 9 340 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/474.png
gallade 16 520 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/475.png
probopass 14 3400 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/476.png
dusknoir 22 1066 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/477.png
froslass 13 266 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/478.png
rotom 3 3 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/479.png
uxie 3 3 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/480.png
mesprit 3 3 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/481.png
azelf 3 3 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/482.png
dialga 54 6830 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/483.png
palkia 42 3360 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/484.png
heatran 17 4300 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/485.png
regigigas 37 4200 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/486.png
giratina-altered 45 7500 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/487.png
cresselia 15 856 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/488.png
phione 4 31 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/489.png
manaphy 3 14 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/490.png
darkrai 15 505 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/491.png
shaymin-land 2 21 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/492.png
arceus 32 3200 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/493.png
victini 4 40 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/494.png
snivy 6 81 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/495.png
servine 8 160 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/496.png
serperior 33 630 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/497.png
tepig 5 99 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/498.png
pignite 10 555 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/499.png
emboar 16 1500 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/500.png
oshawott 5 59 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/501.png
dewott 8 245 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/502.png
samurott 15 946 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/503.png
patrat 5 116 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/504.png
watchog 11 270 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/505.png
lillipup 4 41 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/506.png
herdier 9 147 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/507.png
stoutland 12 610 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/508.png
purrloin 4 101 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/509.png
liepard 11 375 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/510.png
pansage 6 105 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/511.png
simisage 11 305 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/512.png
pansear 6 110 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/513.png
simisear 10 280 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/514.png
panpour 6 135 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/515.png
simipour 10 290 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/516.png
munna 6 233 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/517.png
musharna 11 605 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/518.png
pidove 3 21 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/519.png
tranquill 6 150 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/520.png
unfezant 12 290 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/521.png
blitzle 8 298 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/522.png
zebstrika 16 795 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/523.png
roggenrola 4 180 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/524.png
boldore 9 1020 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/525.png
gigalith 17 2600 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/526.png
woobat 4 21 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/527.png
swoobat 9 105 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/528.png
drilbur 3 85 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/529.png
excadrill 7 404 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/530.png
audino 11 310 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/531.png
timburr 6 125 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/532.png
gurdurr 12 400 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/533.png
conkeldurr 14 870 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/534.png
tympole 5 45 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/535.png
palpitoad 8 170 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/536.png
seismitoad 15 620 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/537.png
throh 13 555 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/538.png
sawk 14 510 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/539.png
sewaddle 3 25 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/540.png
swadloon 5 73 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/541.png
leavanny 12 205 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/542.png
venipede 4 53 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/543.png
whirlipede 12 585 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/544.png
scolipede 25 2005 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/545.png
cottonee 3 6 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/546.png
whimsicott 7 66 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/547.png
petilil 5 66 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/548.png
lilligant 11 163 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/549.png
basculin-red-striped 10 180 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/550.png
sandile 7 152 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/551.png
krokorok 10 334 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/552.png
krookodile 15 963 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/553.png
darumaka 6 375 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/554.png
darmanitan-standard 13 929 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/555.png
maractus 10 280 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/556.png
dwebble 3 145 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/557.png
crustle 14 2000 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/558.png
scraggy 6 118 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/559.png
scrafty 11 300 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/560.png
sigilyph 14 140 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/561.png
yamask 5 15 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/562.png
cofagrigus 17 765 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/563.png
tirtouga 7 165 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/564.png
carracosta 12 810 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/565.png
archen 5 95 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/566.png
archeops 14 320 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/567.png
trubbish 6 310 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/568.png
garbodor 19 1073 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/569.png
zorua 7 125 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/570.png
zoroark 16 811 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/571.png
minccino 4 58 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/572.png
cinccino 5 75 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/573.png
gothita 4 58 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/574.png
gothorita 7 180 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/575.png
gothitelle 15 440 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/576.png
solosis 3 10 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/577.png
duosion 6 80 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/578.png
reuniclus 10 201 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/579.png
ducklett 5 55 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/580.png
swanna 13 242 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/581.png
vanillite 4 57 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/582.png
vanillish 11 410 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/583.png
vanilluxe 13 575 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/584.png
deerling 6 195 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/585.png
sawsbuck 19 925 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/586.png
emolga 4 50 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/587.png
karrablast 5 59 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/588.png
escavalier 10 330 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/589.png
foongus 2 10 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/590.png
amoonguss 6 105 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/591.png
frillish 12 330 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/592.png
jellicent 22 1350 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/593.png
alomomola 12 316 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/594.png
joltik 1 6 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/595.png
galvantula 8 143 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/596.png
ferroseed 6 188 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/597.png
ferrothorn 10 1100 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/598.png
klink 3 210 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/599.png
klang 6 510 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/600.png
klinklang 6 810 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/601.png
tynamo 2 3 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/602.png
eelektrik 12 220 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/603.png
eelektross 21 805 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/604.png
elgyem 5 90 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/605.png
beheeyem 10 345 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/606.png
litwick 3 31 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/607.png
lampent 6 130 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/608.png
chandelure 10 343 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/609.png
axew 6 180 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/610.png
fraxure 10 360 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/611.png
haxorus 18 1055 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/612.png
cubchoo 5 85 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/613.png
beartic 26 2600 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/614.png
cryogonal 11 1480 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/615.png
shelmet 4 77 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/616.png
accelgor 8 253 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/617.png
stunfisk 7 110 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/618.png
mienfoo 9 200 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/619.png
mienshao 14 355 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/620.png
druddigon 16 1390 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/621.png
golett 10 920 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/622.png
golurk 28 3300 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/623.png
pawniard 5 102 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/624.png
bisharp 16 700 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/625.png
bouffalant 16 946 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/626.png
rufflet 5 105 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/627.png
braviary 15 410 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/628.png
vullaby 5 90 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/629.png
mandibuzz 12 395 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/630.png
heatmor 14 580 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/631.png
durant 3 330 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/632.png
deino 8 173 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/633.png
zweilous 14 500 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/634.png
hydreigon 18 1600 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/635.png
larvesta 11 288 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/636.png
volcarona 16 460 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/637.png
cobalion 21 2500 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/638.png
terrakion 19 2600 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/639.png
virizion 20 2000 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/640.png
tornadus-incarnate 15 630 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/641.png
thundurus-incarnate 15 610 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/642.png
reshiram 32 3300 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/643.png
zekrom 29 3450 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/644.png
landorus-incarnate 15 680 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/645.png
kyurem 30 3250 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/646.png
keldeo-ordinary 14 485 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/647.png
meloetta-aria 6 65 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/648.png
genesect 15 825 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/649.png
chespin 4 90 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/650.png
quilladin 7 290 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/651.png
chesnaught 16 900 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/652.png
fennekin 4 94 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/653.png
braixen 10 145 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/654.png
delphox 15 390 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/655.png
froakie 3 70 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/656.png
frogadier 6 109 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/657.png
greninja 15 400 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/658.png
bunnelby 4 50 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/659.png
diggersby 10 424 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/660.png
fletchling 3 17 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/661.png
fletchinder 7 160 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/662.png
talonflame 12 245 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/663.png
scatterbug 3 25 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/664.png
spewpa 3 84 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/665.png
vivillon 12 170 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/666.png
litleo 6 135 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/667.png
pyroar 15 815 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/668.png
flabebe 1 1 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/669.png
floette 2 9 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/670.png
florges 11 100 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/671.png
skiddo 9 310 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/672.png
gogoat 17 910 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/673.png
pancham 6 80 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/674.png
pangoro 21 1360 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/675.png
furfrou 12 280 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/676.png
espurr 3 35 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/677.png
meowstic-male 6 85 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/678.png
honedge 8 20 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/679.png
doublade 8 45 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/680.png
aegislash-shield 17 530 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/681.png
spritzee 2 5 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/682.png
aromatisse 8 155 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/683.png
swirlix 4 35 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/684.png
slurpuff 8 50 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/685.png
inkay 4 35 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/686.png
malamar 15 470 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/687.png
binacle 5 310 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/688.png
barbaracle 13 960 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/689.png
skrelp 5 73 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/690.png
dragalge 18 815 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/691.png
clauncher 5 83 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/692.png
clawitzer 13 353 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/693.png
helioptile 5 60 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/694.png
heliolisk 10 210 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/695.png
tyrunt 8 260 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/696.png
tyrantrum 25 2700 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/697.png
amaura 13 252 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/698.png
aurorus 27 2250 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/699.png
sylveon 10 235 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/700.png
hawlucha 8 215 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/701.png
dedenne 2 22 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/702.png
carbink 3 57 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/703.png
goomy 3 28 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/704.png
sliggoo 8 175 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/705.png
goodra 20 1505 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/706.png
klefki 2 30 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/707.png
phantump 4 70 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/708.png
trevenant 15 710 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/709.png
pumpkaboo-average 4 50 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/710.png
gourgeist-average 9 125 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/711.png
bergmite 10 995 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/712.png
avalugg 20 5050 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/713.png
noibat 5 80 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/714.png
noivern 15 850 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/715.png
xerneas 30 2150 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/716.png
yveltal 58 2030 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/717.png
zygarde 50 3050 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/718.png
diancie 7 88 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/719.png
hoopa 5 90 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/720.png
volcanion 17 1950 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/721.png
rowlet 3 15 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/722.png
dartrix 7 160 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/723.png
decidueye 16 366 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/724.png
litten 4 43 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/725.png
torracat 7 250 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/726.png
incineroar 18 830 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/727.png
popplio 4 75 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/728.png
brionne 6 175 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/729.png
primarina 18 440 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/730.png
pikipek 3 12 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/731.png
trumbeak 6 148 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/732.png
toucannon 11 260 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/733.png
yungoos 4 60 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/734.png
gumshoos 7 142 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/735.png
grubbin 4 44 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/736.png
charjabug 5 105 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/737.png
vikavolt 15 450 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/738.png
crabrawler 6 70 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/739.png
crabominable 17 1800 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/740.png
oricorio-baile 6 34 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/741.png
cutiefly 1 2 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/742.png
ribombee 2 5 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/743.png
rockruff 5 92 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/744.png
lycanroc-midday 8 250 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/745.png
wishiwashi-solo 2 3 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/746.png
mareanie 4 80 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/747.png
toxapex 7 145 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/748.png
mudbray 10 1100 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/749.png
mudsdale 25 9200 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/750.png
dewpider 3 40 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/751.png
araquanid 18 820 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/752.png
fomantis 3 15 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/753.png
lurantis 9 185 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/754.png
morelull 2 15 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/755.png
shiinotic 10 115 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/756.png
salandit 6 48 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/757.png
salazzle 12 222 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/758.png
stufful 5 68 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/759.png
bewear 21 1350 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/760.png
bounsweet 3 32 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/761.png
steenee 7 82 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/762.png
tsareena 12 214 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/763.png
comfey 1 3 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/764.png
oranguru 15 760 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/765.png
passimian 20 828 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/766.png
wimpod 5 120 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/767.png
golisopod 20 1080 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/768.png
sandygast 5 700 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/769.png
palossand 13 2500 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/770.png
pyukumuku 3 12 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/771.png
type-null 19 1205 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/772.png
silvally 23 1005 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/773.png
minior-red-meteor 3 400 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/774.png
komala 4 199 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/775.png
turtonator 20 2120 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/776.png
togedemaru 3 33 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/777.png
mimikyu-disguised 2 7 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/778.png
bruxish 9 190 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/779.png
drampa 30 1850 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/780.png
dhelmise 39 2100 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/781.png
jangmo-o 6 297 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/782.png
hakamo-o 12 470 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/783.png
kommo-o 16 782 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/784.png
tapu-koko 18 205 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/785.png
tapu-lele 12 186 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/786.png
tapu-bulu 19 455 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/787.png
tapu-fini 13 212 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/788.png
cosmog 2 1 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/789.png
cosmoem 1 9999 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/790.png
solgaleo 34 2300 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/791.png
lunala 40 1200 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/792.png
nihilego 12 555 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/793.png
buzzwole 24 3336 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/794.png
pheromosa 18 250 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/795.png
xurkitree 38 1000 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/796.png
celesteela 92 9999 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/797.png
kartana 3 1 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/798.png
guzzlord 55 8880 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/799.png
necrozma 24 2300 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/800.png
magearna 10 805 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/801.png
marshadow 7 222 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/802.png
poipole 6 18 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/803.png
naganadel 36 1500 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/804.png
stakataka 55 8200 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/805.png
blacephalon 18 130 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/806.png
zeraora 15 445 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/807.png
meltan 2 80 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/808.png
melmetal 25 8000 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/809.png
grookey 3 50 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/810.png
thwackey 7 140 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/811.png
rillaboom 21 900 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/812.png
scorbunny 3 45 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/813.png
raboot 6 90 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/814.png
cinderace 14 330 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/815.png
sobble 3 40 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/816.png
drizzile 7 115 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/817.png
inteleon 19 452 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/818.png
skwovet 3 25 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/819.png
greedent 6 60 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/820.png
rookidee 2 18 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/821.png
corvisquire 8 160 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/822.png
corviknight 22 750 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/823.png
blipbug 4 80 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/824.png
dottler 4 195 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/825.png
orbeetle 4 408 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/826.png
nickit 6 89 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/827.png
thievul 12 199 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/828.png
gossifleur 4 22 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/829.png
eldegoss 5 25 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/830.png
wooloo 6 60 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/831.png
dubwool 13 430 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/832.png
chewtle 3 85 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/833.png
drednaw 10 1155 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/834.png
yamper 3 135 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/835.png
boltund 10 340 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/836.png
rolycoly 3 120 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/837.png
carkol 11 780 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/838.png
coalossal 28 3105 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/839.png
applin 2 5 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/840.png
flapple 3 10 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/841.png
appletun 4 130 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/842.png
silicobra 22 76 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/843.png
sandaconda 38 655 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/844.png
cramorant 8 180 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/845.png
arrokuda 5 10 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/846.png
barraskewda 13 300 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/847.png
toxel 4 110 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/848.png
toxtricity-amped 16 400 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/849.png
sizzlipede 7 10 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/850.png
centiskorch 30 1200 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/851.png
clobbopus 6 40 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/852.png
grapploct 16 390 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/853.png
sinistea 1 2 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/854.png
polteageist 2 4 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/855.png
hatenna 4 34 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/856.png
hattrem 6 48 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/857.png
hatterene 21 51 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/858.png
impidimp 4 55 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/859.png
morgrem 8 125 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/860.png
grimmsnarl 15 610 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/861.png
obstagoon 16 460 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/862.png
perrserker 8 280 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/863.png
cursola 10 4 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/864.png
sirfetchd 8 1170 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/865.png
mr-rime 15 582 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/866.png
runerigus 16 666 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/867.png
milcery 2 3 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/868.png
alcremie 3 5 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/869.png
falinks 30 620 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/870.png
pincurchin 3 10 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/871.png
snom 3 38 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/872.png
frosmoth 13 420 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/873.png
stonjourner 25 5200 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/874.png
eiscue-ice 14 890 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/875.png
indeedee-male 9 280 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/876.png
morpeko 3 30 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/877.png
cufant 12 1000 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/878.png
copperajah 30 6500 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/879.png
dracozolt 18 1900 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/880.png
arctozolt 23 1500 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/881.png
dracovish 23 2150 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/882.png
arctovish 20 1750 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/883.png
duraludon 18 400 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/884.png
dreepy 5 20 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/885.png
drakloak 14 110 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/886.png
dragapult 30 500 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/887.png
zacian-hero 28 1100 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/888.png
zamazenta-hero 29 2100 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/889.png
eternatus 200 9500 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/890.png
kubfu 6 120 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/891.png
urshifu-single-strike 19 1050 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/892.png
zarude 18 700 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/893.png
regieleki 12 1450 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/894.png
regidrago 21 2000 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/895.png
glastrier 22 8000 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/896.png
spectrier 20 445 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/897.png
calyrex 11 77 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PokeAPI/sprites/master/sprites/pokemon/898.png

